Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you. Ovid
Come what may, all bad fortune is to be conquered by endurance. Virgil
All human wisdom is summed up in two words – wait and hope. Alexandre Dumas
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. Jean-Jacques Rousseau
It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer. Albert Einstein
With love and patience, nothing is impossible. Daisaku Ikeda
You usually have to wait for that which is worth waiting for. Craig Bruce
Don’t cross the bridge until you come to it. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Make your ego porous. Will is of little importance, complaining is nothing, fame is nothing. Openness, patience, receptivity, solitude is everything. Rainer Maria Rilke
Slow and steady wins the race. Aesop
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one. Bruce Lee
Patience is not passive, on the contrary, it is concentrated strength. Bruce Lee
Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. May Sarton
One moment of patience may ward off great disaster. One moment of impatience may ruin a whole life. Chinese proverb
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience. Julius Caesar
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day. A. Milne (Winnie The Pooh)
A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else. George Savile
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit. Molière
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. Molière
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come. Robert H. Schuller
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient. Sivananda Saraswati
Teach us, O Lord, the disciplines of patience, for to wait is often harder than to work. Peter Marshall
Indeed, this life is a test. It is a test of many things – of our convictions and priorities, our faith and our faithfulness, our patience and our resilience, and in the end, our ultimate desires. Sheri L. Dew
Change is slow and gradual. It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience. Robert Greene
Maybe that’s why life is so precious. No rewind or fast forward… just patience and faith. Cristina Marrero
Our patience will achieve more than our force. Edmund Burke
Who ever is out of patience is out of possession of their soul. Francis Bacon
Have patience with all things but first of all with yourself. Frances de Sales (This is one of my favorite patience quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours!)
Patience and fortitude conquer all things. Ralph Waldo Emerson
First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you. Then you win. Mahatma Gandhi
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. Lao Tzu
Patience means self-suffering. Mahatma Gandhi
Patience is waiting. Not passively waiting. That is laziness. But to keep going when the going is hard and slow – that is patience. Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community)
Patience is the only true foundation on which to make one’s dreams come true. Franz Kafka
No great thing is created suddenly. Epictetus
To lose patience is to lose the battle. Mahatma Gandhi
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm. Mahatma Gandhi
Patience and the passage of time do more than strength and fury. Jean de La Fontaine
Genius is eternal patience. Michelangelo
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free. Michelangelo
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. Leonardo da Vinci
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble. Plautus
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world. Helen Keller
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. Leo Tolstoy
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. Thomas Edison
All we need is just a little patience. Gun’s And Roses
Never put passion before principle, even if you win, you’ll lose. Mr. Miyagi (Karate Kid)
Patience you must have, my young padawan. Yoda (Star Wars)
The very important thing you should have is patience. Jack Ma (alibaba.com)
Patience is the companion of wisdom. St. Augustine
All good things come to he who waits. Proverb
Have patience, God isn’t finished yet. Philippians 1:6
Don’t put the cart before the horse. John Heywood
He that can have patience can have what he will. Benjamin Franklin
I am a slow walker, but I never walk back. Abraham Lincoln
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end. Margaret Thatcher
Patience is a key element of success. Bill Gates (Microsoft)
How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees? William Shakespeare
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. Lao Tzu
Patience is the key to contentment. The Prophet Muhammad
Everything comes if a man will only wait. Benjamin Disraeli
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
Nothing else is necessary but these – love, sincerity, and patience. Swami Vivekananda
One minute of patience, ten years of peace. Greek proverb
Patience is the key to paradise. Turkish proverb
Patience is poultice for all wounds. Irish proverb
Slow is every foot on an unknown path. Irish proverb
Haste has no blessing. Swahili saying
Haste makes waste. John Heywood
All great achievements require time. Maya Angelou
Intuition is a suspension of logic due to impatience. Rita Mae Brown
Time is the wisest of all counselors. Plutarch
The greatest power is often simple patience. E. Joseph Cossman
Patience is a fruit of the spirit that grows only under trial. Joyce Meyer
Patience is the best medicine. John Florio
Genius is patience. Isaac Newton
Be patient. Good things will come. Unknown
Be patient the best things happen unexpectedly. Unknown
You can’t rush something you want to last forever. Unknown
What comes easy won’t last. What lasts won’t come easy. Unknown
A man who masters patience masters everything else. Unknown
Patience is power. Unknown
Good things take time. Unknown
Bear and forbear. Unknown
Patience in all things is your crucial shield. Robert Greene
Patience is a conquering virtue. Geoffrey Chaucer
Patience isn’t a virtue; it’s a necessity. Lou Holtz
Endurance is patience concentrated. Thomas Carlyle
Patience is the art of hoping. Luc de Clapiers
While we wait for life, life passes. Seneca
Time discovers truth. Seneca
More short quotes
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy. Saadi
Misfortune is the test of a person’s merit. Seneca
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience. George-Louis de Buffon
Take up an idea, devote yourself to it, struggle on in patience, and the sun will rise for you. Swami Vivekananda
Be a lamp for yourselves. Be your own refuge. Seek for no other. All things must pass. Strive on diligently. Don’t give up. Buddha
There is no road too long to the man who advances deliberately and without undue haste; there are no honors too distant to the man who prepares himself for them with patience. Jean de la Bruyere
Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments; but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in their proper figures. Joseph Addison
Sometimes things aren’t clear right away. That’s where you need to be patient and persevere and see where things lead. Mary Pierce
Your mastery depends on focus, patience and practice. Not on luck. Robin Sharma
This world is your best teacher. There is a lesson in everything. There is a lesson in each experience. Learn it and become wise. Every failure is a stepping stone to success. Sivananda Saraswati
Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith. Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength. Therefore nil desperandum. March forward hero! Sivananda Saraswati
Patience serves as a protection against wrongs as clothes do against cold. For if you put on more clothes as the cold increases, it will have no power to hurt you. So in like manner you must grow in patience when you meet with great wrongs, and they. Leonardo da Vinci
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. Harriet Tubman
For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice – no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service. John Burroughs
Making your mark on the world is hard. If it were easy, everybody would do it. But it’s not. It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way. The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t. It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere. Barack Obama
Water does not resist. Water flows. When you plunge your hand into it, all you feel is a caress. Margaret Atwood
Water is not a solid wall, it will not stop you. But water always goes where it wants to go, and nothing in the end can stand against it. Water is patient. Dripping water wears away a stone. Remember that, my child. Margaret Atwood
Remember you are half water. If you can’t go through an obstacle, go around it. Water does. Margaret Atwood
If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto. Steve Maraboli
Because you are alive, everything is possible. Thich Nhat Hanh
Trust the process. Your time is coming. Just do the work and the results will handle themselves. Tony Gaskins
If you should put even a little on a little and should do this often, soon this would become big. Hesiod
Don’t chase, don’t beg, don’t stress, don’t be desperate, just relax. When you relax, it will come to you. Make your wants, want you. Unknown
You will get there when you are meant to get there and not moment sooner. So relax, breathe, and be patient. Unknown
It’s not imagination on my part when I say that to look up at the sky, the clouds, the moon, and the stars make me calm and patient. Anne Frank
It doesn’t matter how many setbacks you come across, it’s the comeback that makes your story stand the test of time. So, be the comeback. Defy the odds. Tofe Evans
Take pleasure in the laborious research process — enjoy the slow cooking of the idea, the organic growth that naturally takes shape over time. Robert Greene
The secret engine fueling success is patience. It will actually get you to most goals much quicker and smoother than the alternative. Neil Strauss
My son, observe the postage stamp! Its usefulness depends upon its ability to stick to one thing until it gets there. Josh Billings
Grain by grain a loaf, stone by stone, a castle. Yugoslavian saying
The continuous drip polishes the stone. Peruvian saying
More positive quotes
All good things arrive unto them that wait – and don’t die in the meantime. Mark Twain
Drive slow and enjoy the scenery – drive fast and join the scenery. Douglas Horton
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it. Arnold H. Glasow
The common man prays, ‘I want a cookie right now!’ And God responds, ‘If you’d listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies’. Criss Jami
The more you ask how much longer it will take, the longer the journey seems. Maori saying
At the gate of patience there is no crowding. Moroccan saying
Impatience may be a virtue if you have to write for today’s generation. Haresh Sippy
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance. Franklin P. Jones
Patience is the ability to idle your motor when you feel like stripping your gears. Barbara Johnson
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity. Sammy Davis Jr
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience. Guy Kawasaki
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty. John Ruskin
The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones. Solomon Ibn Gabirol
All men are made one for another: either then teach them better or bear with them. Marcus Aurelius
Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence. Hal Borland
Patience is the support of weakness; impatience the ruin of strength. Charles Caleb Colton
Many a man thinks he is patient when, in reality, he is indifferent. B.C. Forbes
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience. Laurence J. Peter
All commend patience, but none can endure to suffer. Thomas Fuller
If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees. Hal Borland
The whole duty of man is embraced in the two principles of abstinence and patience: temperance in prosperity, and patient courage in adversity. Seneca
A leaf that is destined to grow large is full of grooves and wrinkles at the start. Now if one has no patience and wants it smooth offhand like a willow leaf, there is trouble ahead. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Successful people know the difference between patience and procrastination. Unknown
Patience, a willingness to completely surrender to the process, and the importance of listening. Unknown
Patience is the master key to every situation. One must have sympathy for everything, surrender to everything, but at the same time remain patient and forbearing. Franz Kafka
Patience is not a virtue. It is an achievement. Vera Nazarian
The salt of patience seasons everything. Italian saying
We suffer more in imagination than in reality. Seneca
What may not be altered is made lighter by patience. Horace
More deep quotes
In any contest between power and patience, bet on patience. W.B. Prescott
Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it. Soren Kierkegaard
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown. Soren Kierkegaard
And sure enough, even waiting will end… if you can just wait long enough. William Faulkner
It is far better to endure patiently a smart which nobody feels but yourself, than to commit a hasty action whose evil consequences will extend to all connected with you. Charlotte Brontë
Patience and wisdom walk hand in hand, like two one-armed lovers. Jarod Kintz
Patience has its limits, take it too far and it’s cowardice. George Jackson
Patience is power. Patience is not an absence of action; rather it is “timing”. It waits on the right time to act, for the right principles and in the right way. Fulton J. Sheen
The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter. Paulo Coelho
Patience is the calm acceptance that things can happen in a different order than the one you have in mind. David G. Allen
All things come to him who waits – provided he knows what he is waiting for. Woodrow Wilson
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. Unknown
No pain that we suffer, no trial that we experience is wasted. It ministers to our education, to the development of such qualities as patience, faith, fortitude and humility. Orson F. Whitney
All that we suffer and all that we endure, especially when we endure it patiently, builds up our characters, purifies our hearts, expands our souls, and makes us more tender and charitable. Orson F. Whitney
What was hard to suffer is sweet to remember. Seneca
We should always allow some time to elapse, for time discloses the truth. Seneca
Time heals what reason cannot. Seneca
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly. Epictetus
Always seem patient, as if you know that everything will come to you eventually. Robert Greene
Once you learn patience, your options suddenly expand. Robert Greene
Haste is productive of injury, and so is too much hesitation. He is the wisest man who does everything at the proper time. Ovid
They also serve who only stand and wait. John Milton
Keep doing your Karm (work). Don’t start expecting the results. Bhagavad Gita
Judge a tree from its fruit, not from its leaves. Euripides
The measure of a man is the way he bears up under misfortune. Plutarch
Without labor nothing prospers. Sophocles
Who seeks shall find. Sophocles
Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence. Ovid
Time is generally the best doctor. Ovid
Our levels of desire, patience, persistence, and confidence end up playing a much larger role in success than sheer reasoning powers. Robert Greene
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. Napoleon Hill
There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself. Lemony Snicket
Work hard in silence. Let your success be your noise. Unknown
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. John Quincy Adams
A waiting person is a patient person. The word patience means the willingness to stay where we are and live the situation out to the full in the belief that something hidden there will manifest itself to us. Henri J.M. Nouwen
Patience can’t be acquired overnight. It is just like building up a muscle. Every day you need to work on it. Eknath Easwaran
Endurance is the crowning quality, and patience all the passion of great hearts. James Russell Lowell
Talent is a long patience, and originality an effort of will and intense observation. Gustave Flaubert
How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success? Elbert Hubbard
To know how to wait. It is the great secret of success. Joseph de Maistre
Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane. Criss Jami
You don’t get the things you dream of, you get the things that you work for. Ursula Callistis
I will not be distracted by noise, chatter, or setbacks. Patience, commitment, grace, and purpose will guide me. Louise Hay
No great thing is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen. Epictetus
The two powers which in my opinion constitute a wise man are those of bearing and forbearing. Epictetus
You cannot have everything in the present. The road to mastery requires patience and sacrifice. Robert Greene
Sometimes it is best to lie low, to do nothing but let the winter pass. Robert Greene
Patience and tenacity are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness. Thomas Huxley
The highest result of education is tolerance. Helen Keller
Any person capable of angering you becomes your master. Epictetus
The enemy is the necessary condition for practicing patience. Dalai Lama
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious. Phillips Brooks
Resolve to be tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the wrong. Sometime in life you will have been all of these. George Washington Carver
It’s an universal law – intolerance is the first sign of an inadequate education. An ill-educated person behaves with arrogant impatience, whereas truly profound education breeds humility. Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
The more you know yourself, the more patience you have for what you see in others. Erik Erikson
There is something hugely civilised about allowing long pauses in a conversation. Very few people can stand that kind of silence. James Robertson
Tolerance is nothing more than patience with boundaries. Shannon L. Alder
Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population. Albert Einstein
Other people can’t cause us to be impatient unless we let them do so. In other words, others don’t make us impatient. We make ourselves impatient, through our expectations and demands, fixated attachments and stuckness. Lama Surya Das
It is not for me to judge another man’s life. I must judge, I must choose, I must spurn, purely for myself. For myself, alone. Hermann Hesse
Patience is when you’re supposed to be mad but you choose to understand. Unknown
Men build too many walls and not enough bridges. Joseph Fort Newton
Tolerance is giving to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself. Robert Green Ingersoll
Tolerance is the oil which takes the friction out of life. Wilbert E. Scheer
Trying to understand is like straining through muddy water. Have the patience to wait! Be still and allow the mud to settle. Lao Tzu
To understand the true quality of people, you must look into their minds, and examine their pursuits and aversions. Marcus Aurelius
The only thing that isn’t worthless: to live this life out truthfully and rightly. And be patient with those who don’t. Marcus Aurelius
A boxer derives the greatest advantage from his sparring partner – and my accuser is my sparring partner. He trains me in patience, civility and even temper. Marcus Aurelius
Learn to see – accustoming the eye to calm, to patience, to letting-things-come-to-it; learning to defer judgment, to encircle and encompass the question on all sides. Friedrich Nietzsche
In the end we are always rewarded for our good will, our patience, fair-mindedness, and gentleness with what is strange. Friedrich Nietzsche
The funny thing about the heart is a soft heart is a strong heart, and a hard heart is a weak heart. Criss Jami
Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons. Jessica Lange
Tolerance can lead to learning something. Jakob Dylan
Most great people have attained their greatest success one step beyond their greatest failure. Napoleon Hill
What’s coming will come and we’ll meet it when it does. J.K. Rowling
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden. Seneca
Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear. Marcus Aurelius
Even a snail will eventually reach its destination. Gail Tsukiyama
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity. Carl Jung
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake. Victor Hugo
Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past. Rather, it is a spirit that bears things – with resignations, yes, but above all, with blazing, serene hope. Corazon Aquino
One who is patient glows with an inner radiance. Allan Lokos
Someday, everything will make perfect sense. So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason. Unknown
Inner peace is impossible without patience. Wisdom requires patience. Spiritual growth implies the mastery of patience. Patience allows the unfolding of destiny to proceed at its won unhurried pace. Brian L. Weiss
Have patience with everything that remains unsolved in your heart. Try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books written in a foreign language. Do not now look for the answers. They cannot now be given to you because you could not live them. It is a question of experiencing everything. At present you need to live the question. Perhaps you will gradually, without even noticing it, find yourself experiencing the answer, some distant day. Rainer Maria Rilke
When you encounter various trials, big or small, be full of joy. They’re opportunities to learn patience. Scott Curran
Take a rest: a field that has rested gives a beautiful crop. Ovid
Everything comes gradually and at its appointed hour. Ovid
Patience is not simply the ability to wait – it’s how we behave while we’re waiting. Joyce Meyer
Be worthy love, and love will come. Louisa May Alcott
An alternative to love is not hate but patience. Santosh Kalwar
Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait. Martin Luther King Jr
Patience is the mark of true love. If you truly love someone, you will be more patient with that person. Thich Nhat Hanh
Waiting and hoping is a hard thing to do when you’ve already been waiting and hoping for almost as long as you can bear it. Jenny Nimmo
I hate waiting. But if it’s waiting for you I’ll wait. Unknown
Good relationships don’t just happen. They take time, patience, and two people who truly want to be together. Unknown
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering. Paulo Coelho
Patience is supported and nurtured by a quality of forgiveness. Allan Lokos
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Corinthians 13:4-5
The most inefficient and self-harming thing a person can do is go out looking for love. Let it find you when the time is right and you’re out doing what you love to do. Only then will you find it in its truest form. A.J. Darkholme
God will bring the right person into your life at the right time. Always believe that! If they are not there, God isn’t finished yet! Shannon L. Alder
To say that one waits a lifetime for his soulmate to come around is a paradox. People eventually get sick of waiting, take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment become soulmates, which takes a lifetime to perfect. Criss Jami
Humility and patience are the surest proofs of the increase of love. John Wesley
If you’re not too long, I will wait for you all my life. Oscar Wilde
Perfect love is perfectly patient. Neal A. Maxwell
Fortune and love favor the brave. Ovid
All human power is a compound of time and patience. Honore de Balzac
Patience attracts happiness; it brings near that which is far. Swahili proverb
Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act. Paulo Coelho
Learn what can, and cannot, be asked from destiny. Janet Morris
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished? Rumi
Experience has taught me this, that we undo ourselves by impatience. Misfortunes have their life and their limits, their sickness and their health. Michel de Montaigne
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character. Heraclitus
Every man must patiently bide his time. He must wait – not in listless idleness but in constant, steady, cheerful endeavors, always willing and fulfilling and accomplishing his task, that when the occasion comes he may be equal to the occasion. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything. Unknown
There is a slowness in affairs which ripens them, and a slowness which rots them. Joseph Roux
Without patience, we will learn less in life. We will see less. We will feel less. We will hear less. Ironically, rush and more usually mean less. Mother Teresa
Some people can never understand that you have to wait, even for the best of things, until the right time comes. Franklin D. Roosevelt
Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting. Roy T. Bennett
The sea does not reward those who are too anxious, too greedy, or too impatient. One should lie empty, open, choiceless as a beach-waiting for a gift from the sea. Anne Morrow Lindbergh
The first lesson to learn is to resign oneself to the little difficulties in life, not to hit out at everything one comes up against. If one were able to manage this one would not need to cultivate great power; even one’s presence would be healing. Hazrat Inayat Khan
Patience is a key that unlocks the door to a more fulfilling life. It is through a cultivation of patience that we become better parents, powerful teachers, great businessmen, good friends, and a live a happier life. Steve Maraboli
Learning patience can be a difficult experience, but once conquered you will find life is easier. Catherine Pulsifer
Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground. There’s no greater investment. Stephen Covey
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent. Billy Graham
It shows a brave and resolute spirit not to be agitated in exciting circumstances. Marcus Tullius Cicero
Whoever is patient has great understanding, but one who is quick-tempered displays folly. Proverbs 14:29
Learn to stand back when the time is not yet ripe and to strike fiercely when it has reached fruition. Robert Greene
Patience, n. A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue. Ambrose Bierce
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough. Bruce Lee
The best cure for anger is delay. Seneca
Defeat is simply a signal to press onward. Helen Keller
Patience is the direct antithesis of anger. Allan Lokos
The Lord is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. Psalm 103:8
Haste is of the Devil. St. Jerome
Impatience is the mark of independence, not of bondage. Marianne Moore
Take time for all things: great haste makes great waste. Benjamin Franklin
The world is more malleable than you think and it’s waiting for you to hammer it into shape. Bono
Why should we be in such desperate haste to succeed, and in such desperate enterprises? If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Henry David Thoreau
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. Barack Obama
Patience is a virtue, but there comes a moment when you must stop being patient and take the day by the throat and shake it. If it fights back; fine. I’d rather end up bloody at the end of the day, then unhurt with no progress made, no knowledge gained. I’d rather have a no, then nothing. Laurell K. Hamilton
Alas, impatience is but another form of unhappiness. It is true, it is true. I have never met a happy impatient person. Richelle E. Goodrich
Impatience only makes you look weak. It is a principal impediment to power. Robert Greene
This is one more piece of advice I have for you: don’t get impatient. Even if things are so tangled up you can’t do anything, don’t get desperate or blow a fuse and start yanking on one particular thread before it’s ready to come undone. You have to realize it’s going to be a long process and that you’ll work on things slowly, one at a time. Haruki Murakami
You can tell the greatness of someone by what makes them angry. Abraham Lincoln
No, no! The adventures first, explanations take such a dreadful time. Lewis Carroll
Time, the devourer of all time. Ovid
Beware the fury of a patient man. John Dryden
Vengeance is disappointing, always. Janet Morris
Impatience is the cardinal sin of youth. M.T. Bass
To be impatient is to be hooked on the future. Gerald Jampolsky
Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay; falsehood by haste and uncertainty. Tacitus
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions. Sophocles
I’m tired of being treated like a second-class citizen. Rosa Parks
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. Napoleon Hill
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. Christopher Reeve
Remember no man is really defeated unless he is discouraged. Bruce Lee
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. Seneca
Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love. Ephesians 4:2
Fear is the glue that keeps you stuck. Faith is the solvent that sets you free. Shannon L. Alder
A man of courage is also full of faith. Marcus Tullius Cicero
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen. Ralph Marston
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up. Galatians 6:9
But if we hope for what we do not yet have, we wait for it patiently. Romans 8:25
You never know what’s around the corner. It could be everything. Or it could be nothing. You keep putting one foot in front of the other, and then one day you look back and you’ve climbed a mountain. Tom Hiddleston
God answers when you least expect it. Unknown
Patience with others is love. Patience with self is hope. Patience with God is faith. Unknown
Be patient because things will get better. It may be stormy now, but it never rains forever. Unknown
Keep the faith. The most amazing things in life tend to happen right at the moment you’re about to give up hope. Unknown
The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time. Dante Alighieri
If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today. Thich Nhat Hanh
Let nothing disturb you, let nothing frighten you. All things are passing away: God never changes. Patience obtains all things. Whoever has God lacks nothing; God alone suffices. Teresa Of Avila
The work that God does in us when we wait is usually more important than the thing for which we wait! Erwin W. Lutzer
At the bottom of patience one finds heaven. Kanuri saying
It will happen but it will take time. John Bowlby
Work and wait, work and wait is what God says to us in creation. Josiah Gilbert Holland
Hope is patience with the lamp lit. Tertullian
My hopes are not always realized but I always hope. Ovid
But the one who stands firm to the end will be saved. Matthew 24:13
Nothing is hopeless; we must hope for everything. Euripides
Better a patient person than a warrior, one with self-control than one who takes a city. Proverbs 16:32
